pajara is the manis bowling teasing
great 400 in the semi-final 97 in the
quarter-final 17 years of age
in his key back
it's out here - down
doesn't hit him you just knew punish me
Pakistan what
well as just about the perfect in swing
of this bowling from where he bowls and
getting a mound of movement he gets
gotta hit the batsman just about on the
line of Austin look at this come back in
here has he got outside the line I think
he has because that front leg comes back
and he's in line with Austin and that
would have gone on to hit middle middle
and leg and Anwar gets his wicket now
both open was gone
India five foot to put it in line with
the Sun without swing back and he doctor
you can't in that
i between the young
side often and let's come back and hit
off that think it's hit the inside of
off stun I mean what are you thinking
you seem that how much this let swings
it you can't even think about
leading-edge you kind of think about
leaving it look at it just smash the
middle of off stamp straight back what a
fabulous fabulous reply by Pakistan
having batted very very ordinarily charm
has gone for for and in here at eight
for three man what the jump shots are in
there unwise big swinging insulin in
deliveries he's up and running we went
catching is down
and everybody's on top of it he's off
his tee already he sprinted fully 80
yards after getting
we get three wickets and for legitimate
ball
the swing here that's gone with between
bat and pad it's a loose stroke to be
fair but nothing wrong with the deadly
accuracy and look at the guy go Jamshed
has done screaming a cost across to a
cover point he can't believe it
mulch and India in desperate trouble
he's perfect
with the flowers
a big up throw delay it is
then and I think they might going up
dinner now nine four six they'll have to
go and have dinner now otherwise we'll
be getting cold
nine four six and while I put about five
for any dumb bball seven balls
tell you what this is phenomenal oh it's
caught definitely I think it would have
been going down like side in terms of
lbw but there's no question about that
that it's come from pad on to bat and
wha has four four five in seven balls
it's a decent stuff if you're a bola
lasse has gone for North India nine four
six and we can all go and take a breath
once is feelers to give 100% great
delivery bouncer short ball
wedding in Boston in supplying in a
roundabout chest I brown the glove the
went to the man who put it down
the distro
was a good shot delivery
duh get in got it up to about chest side
what an easy ball for a lower order
batsman to negotiate
the gloves and that was quite an easy
catch this time
he's delighted
some shadows of the catch as injunction
who missed the catch earlier and Jadeja
goes for six india now deep deep in
trouble 23